Collaborative Cure (C. Cure) is meant to make the people of India self-reliant in finding the correct information related with disease and cure, wellness and holistic well being. The app will host information about scientifically verified facts on diseases, their prevention and cure. Additionally, it will have regular updates about myths related with fitness and good health and post medically correct information, verified  from authentic sources and medical practitioners.

It will also host forums where people will come together to share their success stories with overcoming diseases and how they were able to locate the best specialists, doctors, therapists and healthcare facilities within their budgets for themselves or a family member. This will enable others to receive authentic information with the help of which they can access the appropriate medical care at affordable rates for their family and friends. 

There will be provision to have details of blood banks, plasma donation banks and list of such donors with contact numbers. It will also have forums of people whose family members might be afflicted with diseases like leukemia, cerebral palsy, haemophilia, etc. This way, people can find support groups and get encouragement and motivation to fight the condition and emerge stronger through moral support and medical aid. This will thus be a collaborative effort in finding cure, reaching out to each other and enabling each other to be "Aatma-Nirbhar" in finding all needed resources for disease control and cure through the app. 

Finally, it is aimed to also put genuine information about possible sources of funding for people who cannot afford expensive information and to also encourage people to donate for such causes. C. Cure will not allow and will block any promotion by pharmaceutical companies or doctors to keep its social cause and ethical values alive. 

Through this collaboration among people of India, the app aims to serve Indians towards being completely self-reliant in the movement towards a healthy and happy India.
